# Sprint Challenge: Hash Tables 

This challenge allows you to practice the concepts and techniques
learned over the past week and apply them to concrete examples.

## Instructions

**Read these instructions carefully. Understand exactly what is expected
_before_ starting this Sprint Challenge.**

This is an individual assessment. All work must be your own. Your
challenge score is a measure of your ability to work independently using
the material covered through this sprint. You need to demonstrate
proficiency in the concepts and objectives introduced and practiced in
preceding days.

You are not allowed to collaborate during the Sprint Challenge. However,
you are encouraged to follow the twenty-minute rule and seek support
from your PM and Instructor in your cohort help channel on Slack. Your
work reflects your proficiency in Python and your command of the
concepts and techniques in related to hash tables.

You have three hours to complete this challenge. Plan your time
accordingly.

## Commits

Commit your code regularly and meaningfully. This helps both you (in
case you ever need to return to old code for any number of reasons and
your project manager.

## Description

This sprint challenge is made up of five hashtables-related challenges.

## Project Set Up

For the hash tables portion of the sprint challenge, you'll be working
through algorithm problems that are amenable to being solved efficiently
using a hash table.

Navigate into each exercise's directory, read the instructions for the
exercise laid out in the README, implement your solution in the .py
skeleton file, then make sure your code passes the tests by running the
test script with make tests.

For these exercises, it's expected that you'll use Python's built-in
`dict` as a hashtable.

That said, if you wish, you can attempt to solve using your own
hashtable implementation, as well.

*All solutions should utilize a `dict` or hashtable. Sets should not be
used. (Though you can make a `dict` behave like a set, if you wish.)*

## Minimum Viable Product

* [Hash
  Tables](https://github.com/LambdaSchool/Sprint-Challenge--Hash-BC/tree/master/hashtables):
  solve any 3 of the 5 problems. Solve more for more points.

